1. Access Token: 

        Access token is defined as Security context of a process or be a thread. The information in a token 
        includes the identity and privileges of the user account associated with the process or thred. It shows as: 
        When a user logs on the system verifies the users password by comparing it with information stored in security 
        database. If the password match or authenticate the system produces an access token .


   Steps to generate an Access tokens for Twitter.

        1. Login to the apps.twitter.com interface using your Twitter credentials.
        2. Create an app or open an existing app that you would like to create tokens for.
        3. Navigate to the keys and Access Tokens page.
        4. Scroll down amd click on the Create my acccess token button.
        5. Take note of your access token as you will use in to acess certain API endpoints.

            Github Access Token: https://github.com/settings/tokens/189817994
            Twitter : 998282551327260672-48IZNm7LaWLElHmbKRRNwQ8KiLPjIQd



2. IP address of Google and Facebook by using DNS LookUp:

        Google: 172.217.6.228  
        Facebook: 31.13.71.36

3.Difference between Library and API with examples:

        Library: It is basically a collection of functions or objects that serves one particular purpose. Its a block 
                 of code that we call from our own code to help do things more quick and easily. 

	      Ex: If an Architect want to build a house, so he is prepared for all its aspects including its 
		  Structure,design,plumbing,wiring,decoration etc.All these functions he performed is the Library. 
                    

        API: It is (Application Programming Interface) an interface for other programs to interact with your program or 
             library without having direct access.It is a term that is used to meaning the functions or methods in a 
             library that you can ask it to do things for you.

	      Ex: From above example as he cant do all of the work by himself so he took help from various experts in 
                  those fields,but the needed communicate his needs and requirements face to face or via email so 
		  that they can refer his needs and provide the asked service. So a program can interact with program 
		  or library by apply this method.     
